And just as a checkpoint for housekeeping
let's go ahead and comment out the display name generation
and let's simply use the display name on the actual methods
just so everything follows with the videos.
So here the class level
I just did a comment on DisplayNameGeneration annotation
and then make sure that I have display name
for each one of the methods here,
and run it and we see our display name
showing up as desired.
And I'll go ahead and just remove that class level reference
just so I can clean things up a bit.
But you can keep it, totally up to you.
All right, so getting into our coding here.
In this video, we'll cover asserts, same and not same,
also true and false.
Let's go ahead and open up DemoUtils.java,
and let's look at the code that we're going to test.
And so just to start out here
we're going to check these two fields for academy
and academy duplicate,
and we'll check if these refer to the same object.
And we have the appropriate getter methods
to give us access to those fields.
Let's go ahead and create a test for this.
So I'm back at my DemoUtilsTest.java.
I'll add this test method here
for testing same and not same.
Se up this string, luv2code.
Then I'll assert same,
demosUtils.getAcademy comma demoUtils.getAcademyDuplicate.
And in this scenario here
the objects should refer to the same object.
And then I'll do a similar thing here
for assert not same.
String, demoUtils.getAcademy.
And in this case, the objects should not refer to the same.
And then we run the test case
and the test case passes as desired, same and not same.
Because all we're doing is simply checking
to see if they're the same object references.
Now let's go ahead and set up another test case here
for testing true, false.
And before we write the test case,
let's look at the code
to see exactly what we're testing here.
So I want to test this method isGreater.
Pass in two numbers, returns true if n1 is greater than n2.
I'll set up these two variables here for gradeOne is 10,
gradeTwo equals five,
and I'll assert true.
And I'll call that demoUtils.isGreater.
Pass in the n1, n2, so that's gradeOne comma gradeTwo.
So ten comma five, and this should return true.
And do a similar thing here for false.
So assert falls and I'll swap the values here.
GradeTwo comma gradeOne, five comma 10
and this should return false.
Go ahead and run the unit test
and then this test passes as desired.
Good job.